                   OPENLABS v2025
                     OL-SRR-2025
                SOME RIGHTS RESERVED
  IP HOLDER(s): SNAZVERSE, Modrome (UNDER SNAZVERSE)
               EFFECTIVE FOR: 2025-2035
======================================================
                   SECTION A: LEGAL
======================================================

    By using our software, you agree to not sue us for
any damages caused by improper usage, or from the
acquisition of the software from illegitimate sources.
SNAZVERSE can not claim responsibility for any damages
the software may cause. Modrome can not claim
responsibility for any damages the software may cause.

    By using experimental builds, including, but not
limited to Early Access Versions, you understand the
risks involved. Experimental builds of the Software
are unstable and can cause damages.

    By using our software and intellectual property in
any Content you make, you agree to the Content Creator
Terms and Conditions referenced below:
https://vetpetmon.com/WoN_contentCreatorGuidelines.html

    At any time, SNAZVERSE and Modrome can enact
restrictions and legal actions if deemed necessary,
i.e. in cases of copyright violations or defamation.

    These terms and this license can be updated
at any time when deemed necessary.

======================================================
               SECTION B: RIGHTS RESERVED
======================================================

    SNAZVERSE and Modrome hold all rights to the
Intellectual Property in the software. This includes
Assets, defined as any image, sound, animation, model
present in the software. This does NOT include source
code.

    Source code is made freely available online.

    Assets are protected under copyright law and can
not be made publicly accessible. To access and Use
the Assets, explicit permission MUST be given by
SNAZVERSE and Modrome.

======================================================
               SECTION C: DISTRIBUTION
======================================================

    Only SNAZVERSE and Modrome may distribute the
software covered by this license. Secondary
distribution will violate these terms outlined in the
license. Exceptions, under the IP Owner's supervision,
may be granted.

    This software is distributed FOR FREE, except in
the case of donator-locked early access versions. For
Early Access Versions (EAVs), access is paid for.
EAVs will be released publicly once stability can be
ensured.
